Add docs on supported resources by extractor (#694)
Azure/azure-api-management-devops-resource-kit: docs/SupportedResources/README.md

# Supported Resources by Resource Kit

## What is the resource
---
Azure-ApiManagement-Devops-Resources-Kit heavily uses Azure API Management public API and relies on it to get all the information about running services.

> Azure API Management team developes services and products continuosly, and public API happens to change from time to time. You can always view the **Current-GA**, **current-Preview** and **Previous-GA** public API references on [Azure REST API page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/apimanagement/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure API Management team develops services and products continuously, and public API happens to change from time to time. You can always view the **Current-GA**, **current-Preview** and **Previous-GA** public API references on [Azure REST API page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/apimanagement/)
```

This **Resource-Kit** works with `Resource` entities. Let's define, what `Resource` in this case means:  
`Resource` - entity, that is exposed by ApiManagement, representing some information regarding specific ApiManagement instance. If one contains some set of `resources` describing ApiManagement instance, he\she can recreate another instance one by one (with absolutely the same resources)

## Supported Resources 

> Please, refer to this document to understand what resources are supported in each of the Api-Versions published by ApiManagement team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, refer to this document to understand what resources are supported in each of the Api-Versions published by the ApiManagement team:
```
